Wide is also a rider you will find a story about this cage or
The
With his justification than new with it Heights k mother is just
I introduced it, but I was a little worried about that
actually
It feels like I'm trying to show you
It 's just like that
Here
Material
I would like to introduce the eight ne This is a positive
In It is a tan from your previous
This time, and this earnest guy
When
Winning and essential points
Flow in both
From
after
Since it became unexpected's Tan of Heroes
I feel like the campaign
How to teach
When
follow g I have previously introduced this hologram and it is omitted
Let me do it
Well these 5 types
How
Gluing is
Even if it is not a seal
I can stick it
surely
For example this time
If it is allowed to
Normal
up
Is such a feeling
I will be able to
You will not have to do this boundary
If in also request that please do not put this ride in reverse
It is like this if you don't paste it.
I think
What Te do you say Neo'
It is not the world, though
Come by mood
Being
I feel like I'm going to do this today
I can enjoy different materials though
That sleeve a little bit
It's true or thick, so a little illustration floats, so it looks beautiful .
But I 'm getting into it
A little bit of high blurry, but I'm doing a little bit
Reliably appearance who better to put glue is stretched is impossible not a hole
Well yeah it will be better
I 'm selling these 3 leaves and 3 pieces for sale now but other people can go
I think that it is for order acceptance of the material
But Nde quite difference this material a little
I can not make a bang
When you can not offer you one that fits you
It is water
This 3 days ago
See you again
, I guess I feel a new Where to + touch of it or
Nde Naa do my best in this kind of amount that can not be exercised strike useless is
Yes, so this time the library kept it
Yeah
If Todo was out then it would be nice